Anyone interested in moving this thing forward is welcome to contribute your expertise and sugestions on every assumption I'm working under.
I named it FURRRIY because it is about fixing, upgrading, repairing, renovating, renewing It Yourself.  
Major kingdoms will be the mot general categories of projects.  Automotive, Home, Lawn and Garden, Electronics, and maybe Workshop, then the skillset general categories, such as plumbing, electronics, Auto Mechanics, electrical systems and devices, Landscape and Horticulture, Carpentry, Appliance Repair, and so on.  Tools required and level of difficulty will add subsets to these major divisions.
Type of project will be another area for differentiation, but there will be a need to help the user choose which approach is the most advantageous, based on tools, difficulty, availability of replacement parts or materials, licensure and permitting compliance, etc.  
There will be a whole unit of dozens if not hundreds of content cataloguers, scouring the various resources for specific content that meets the guidelines and supplies the necessary elements to be considered a valid resource.  Brands/Manufactrers, retailers, DIY experts, content creators already using other platforms to deliver this material, and probably or own talent pool will identify what content is needed, what is currently available and accessible, what needs to be produced, who can do the best job of creating it, and who (IMPORTANT!) will pay us to deliver their marketing messages based on queries that suggest a high likelihood of interest in the advertiser's product or service.  Additionally, cost and benefit tools will help to dscourage foolhardy DIYers from undertakikng tasks beyond their abilities. The tradesmen who support our site will have access to very well qualified sales leads.
The most CENTRAL and OVERRIDING concern will be the quality, breadth of subject matter, and ease of accessing the right information.  A bad launch with shitty videos that won't download and tuts that weren't even made to address the right problem, process, or product, will doom the project to bad reputation and lousy user interest.
As described above, revenues will follow the Google-Facebook-Twitter models by providing extremely well targeted messages at precisely the most effective moment.  The UI and UX must be spot-on, with everything the user will expect where he expects it, and gentle ads that do not create a hostile experience designed to bait the user to log in and do a query, then assaulting him with ads to dissuade him from his intent.
The natural male instinct will be to ignore offers of help or guidance, so they can't be delivered in a tone that insults him.
So, I see a need for 3 main data systems:  Content, Users, and Sponsors.  I'd be surprised if there isn't some ready-to-load user management application that we can tailor to our needs.  Sponsors will be equally well-covered in the packaged or at least well-understood ways of acquiring and recruiting the tool makers, the product manufacturers, the materials mnufacturers, and of course the home warrnty, vehicle warranty, tradesmen, tengentially-associated goods sellers (trucks, clothing, storage, etc.)
That leaves the content data structure and the extreme level of specificity with which the content will be categorized.  And content that sort of matches is a HUGE app-wrecker, eating up time and hiding the actual directly applicable content in the weeds, frustrating users.
The Brand, Model number, and fault or defect needing addressed will be the money in the bank.  Other categorizations, including general project type (auto, for example) then issue/fault/defect/damage, then model and year (sometimes the same part or system spans several years and can be used in more than one product line) and the grainy details that can cause fits if misidentified or guessed wrongly (trim package, engine and transmission variant, aftermarket modifications, etc.)  So the query form structure must be extremely well-designed and data-reliant in order to know when to ask disambiguation details or to return content that is not for the specific model/year, but which is identical in terms of parts, diagnosis, and procedure.
We will be heroes with every guy whose wife assigns him DIY projects that, after accounting for the extra trips to Home Depot, the extra tools and equipment bought or rented or borrowed, the materials wasted on the first, second, and third botched attempt, etc., that the friendly Appliance repairman is actually the cheapest alternative.  
